PhysX.Settings.Project;PhysX Project Settings...
Physics;Physics
Joints;Joints
Shapes;Shapes
plPxCenterOfMassComponent;PhysX Center of Mass
plPxCharacterControllerComponent;PhysX Character Controller
plPxDynamicActorComponent;PhysX Dynamic Actor
plPxStaticActorComponent;PhysX Static Actor
plPx6DOFJointComponent;PhysX 6DOF Joint
plPxDistanceJointComponent;PhysX Distance Joint
plPxFixedJointComponent;PhysX Fixed Joint
plPxShapeBoxComponent;PhysX Box Shape
plPxShapeSphereComponent;PhysX Sphere Shape
plPxShapeCapsuleComponent;PhysX Capsule Shape
plPxShapeConvexComponent;PhysX Convex Mesh Shape
plPxSettingsComponent;PhysX Settings
plPhysXComponent;PhysX Component
plPxActorComponent;PhysX Actor
plPxSteppingMode::Variable;Variable
plPxSteppingMode::Fixed;Fixed
plPxSteppingMode::SemiFixed;SemiFixed
plPxTriggerComponent;PhysX Trigger
plPxVisColMeshComponent;PhysX Collision Mesh Visualization
CollisionMeshImport.TriangleMesh;Triangle Collision Mesh
CollisionMeshImport.ConvexMesh;Convex Collision Mesh
plBreakableSheetComponent;PhysX Breakable Sheet
plPxAxis::X;X
plPxAxis::Y;Y
plPxAxis::Z;Z
plConvexCollisionMeshType::ConvexHull;Convex Hull
plConvexCollisionMeshType::Cylinder;Cylinder
plConvexCollisionMeshType::ConvexDecomposition;Convex Decomposition
plOnPhysXContact::SendReportMsg;Send Contact Reports
plOnPhysXContact::ImpactReactions;Impact Reactions
plOnPhysXContact::SlideReactions;Slide Reactions
plOnPhysXContact::RollXReactions;Roll X Reactions
plOnPhysXContact::RollYReactions;Roll Y Reactions
plOnPhysXContact::RollZReactions;Roll Z Reactions
plPxPrismaticJointComponent;PhysX Prismatic Joint
plPxRevoluteJointComponent;PhysX Revolute Joint
plPxSphericalJointComponent;PhysX Spherical Joint
plPxJointLimitMode::NoLimit; No Limit
plPxJointLimitMode::HardLimit; Hard Limit
plPxJointLimitMode::SoftLimit; Soft Limit
plPxJointDriveMode::NoDrive;No Drive
plPxJointDriveMode::DriveAndSpin; Drive and Spin
plPxJointDriveMode::DriveAndBrake; Drive and Brake
plPxGrabObjectComponent;PhysX Grab Object
plPxCharacterCapsuleShapeComponent;PhysX Character Capsule Shape