# Asset Types

Particle Effect;Particle Effect

# Component Types

plParticleComponent;Particle

# UI

PFX.Restart;Restart
PFX.AutoRestart;Loop
PFX.Pause;Pause
PFX.Speed.Menu;Simulation Speed
PFX.Speed.01;10%
PFX.Speed.025;25%
PFX.Speed.05;50%
PFX.Speed.1;100%
PFX.Speed.15;150%
PFX.Speed.2;200%
PFX.Speed.3;300%
PFX.Speed.4;400%
PFX.Speed.5;500%
PFX.Speed.10;1000%
PFX.Render.Visualizers;Render Visualizers

# Enums

plParticleTypeRenderMode::BlendedForeground;Blended (Foreground)
plParticleTypeRenderMode::BlendedBackground;Blended (Background)

plEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max20fps;Max 20 FPS
plEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max10fps;Max 10 FPS
plEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max5fps;Max 5 FPS

plParticleTextureAtlasType::RandomYAnimatedX;Random Row, Animated Column

plParticleBehaviorFactory_ColorGradient;Color Gradient
plParticleBehaviorFactory_Velocity;Velocity
plParticleBehaviorFactory_Gravity;Gravity
plParticleBehaviorFactory_Raycast;Raycast
plParticleBehaviorFactory_FadeOut;Fade Out
plParticleBehaviorFactory_PullAlong;Pull Along
plParticleBehaviorFactory_SizeCurve;Size Curve
plParticleBehaviorFactory_Flies;Flies
plParticleBehaviorFactory_Bounds;Bounds

plParticleEmitterFactory_Continuous;Continuous
plParticleEmitterFactory_OnEvent;On Event
plParticleEmitterFactory_Burst;Burst
plParticleEmitterFactory_Distance;Distance

plParticleInitializerFactory_BoxPosition;Box Position
plParticleInitializerFactory_CylinderPosition;Cylinder Position
plParticleInitializerFactory_RandomColor;Random Color
plParticleInitializerFactory_RandomSize;Random Size
plParticleInitializerFactory_RandomRotationSpeed;Rotation Speed
plParticleInitializerFactory_SpherePosition;Sphere Position
plParticleInitializerFactory_VelocityCone;Velocity Cone

plParticleEventReactionFactory_Effect;Effect Reaction
plParticleEventReactionFactory_Prefab;Prefab Reaction

plQuadParticleOrientation::Rotating_OrthoEmitterDir;Rotating: Ortho Emitter Dir
plQuadParticleOrientation::Rotating_EmitterDir;Rotating: Emitter Dir
plQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_EmitterDir;Fixed: Emitter Dir
plQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_RandomDir;Fixed: Random Dir
plQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_WorldUp;Fixed: World Up
plQuadParticleOrientation::FixedAxis_EmitterDir;Axis: Emitter Dir
plQuadParticleOrientation::FixedAxis_ParticleDir;Axis: Particle Dir

plParticleTypeTrailFactory;Trail
plParticleTypeMeshFactory;Mesh
plParticleTypeQuadFactory;Quad
plParticleTypeLightFactory;Light
plParticleTypeEffectFactory;Effect
plParticleTypePointFactory;Point

# Properties

plParticleEffectDescriptor::PreSimulateDuration;Pre-Simulate Duration
plParticleEffectDescriptor::SimulateInLocalSpace;Simulate In Local-Space

plParticleBehaviorFactory_Bounds::OutOfBoundsMode;Out-Of-Bounds Mode
